let's go for turkey kebabs
on your marks a big piece
ladies is like stopping a social portrait after the genesis coupe
calming debuchy can cut
and we will do
tapes
and in these bands
we cut
but square
right to the mistake
that m's friends
more than 6 hectares
we go on with our peppers
our union
so it's simple
we begin
yet raised the middle
to have a maximum of seeds at once
in bank business we always have this little bit hard and that in addition
like that, we are all alone in the Baltic States
here we go
and with its banks
small squares
as with the devil
because with all that aside
after one more then file
dan's notes was created
our outlets in the version to wash before cutting is perfect
and for the same name
we go the clichés
good
I
stingy
and we will try to do
two hidden secret pieces
That's crazy
here we know him
but better to use this week
a meeting
in two times
to keep
the pieces will fold well of an oocyte
the veil
so now we're going to take a little wooden pick
hefford started late the team becomes
and after when you do as you want
we are often in meat peppers pr
They have some
to the lion
for rooney
lang
instead of 12 11
reversal
let's take back to the mayor
and will come back
There you go
a nice skewer of turkey
they also have the wind
this is the theme recipe
it is done
so we already hear that yes but I'm alive and then start
and there is more and more that just not the same thing
with only small pieces of union
There you go
thanks in pl
the society